Customers and accessories
are wireless adjacent.
They may not be shopping for a device,
but they clearly have a wireless need,
so you need to figure out what they're
looking for and what that tells
you about their device.
For example,
if they're looking for a case,
is it for an older model
device that can be upgraded?
Is it because their screen is cracked?
Engage them with something like,
"What can I help you find today?"
And follow that up with, "Oh,
you're looking for a charging cable?
Is your battery not lasting
as long as it used to?
Let's see if you're eligible
for an upgrade on that phone
to get a better battery life."
Or "instead of covering up that crack
with a screen projector,
we've got this deal on this device and you
can walk out with a brand
new phone, screen intact."
Or you could even say something like,
"That case is compatible
with a few different phones.
What device are you using right now?"